go-build-info
=============

This script is designed to simplify the common task of setting build
information for Go applications using information provided by a Git repository.
Attributes set by this script include:

* branch
* revision
* username of user who invoked the build
* build date

``go-build-info`` assumes it is being executed within a Git repository to
gather the necessary information.

Usage
-----

Install ``go-build-info`` somewhere on your ``PATH`` and ensure it's
executable. Then add a ``go:generate`` line to a Go source file, such as the
following:

```go
//go:generate go-build-info -p version -o build_info.go

package version

...
```

Invoke ``go generate`` before building your project each time, and current
build information will be available within your code.

Sample Output
-------------

Here is an example of what you could expect from ``go-build-info``:

```go
// DO NOT EDIT! This file is generated by go-build-info. Any manual changes will be overwritten.
package main

var (
	BuildBranch   = "master"
	BuildRevision = "e02e25f3a6c89598de975954350bf4d1bc9f1921"
	BuildUser     = "codekoala"
	BuildDate     = "2017-04-28T16:14:29-06:00"
)
```

If your code has uncommitted changes, the ``BuildRevision`` will indicate such:

```go
// DO NOT EDIT! This file is generated by go-build-info. Any manual changes will be overwritten.
package main

var (
	BuildBranch   = "master"
	BuildRevision = "e02e25f3a6c89598de975954350bf4d1bc9f1921(CHANGES)"
	BuildUser     = "codekoala"
	BuildDate     = "2017-04-28T16:15:18-06:00"
)
```

Options
-------

* ``-p``, ``--package``: Name of the Go package to specify in the output.
  Default is ``main``.
* ``-o``, ``--output``: Name of the output file to create. The file will be
  overwritten without warning. Default behavior simply writes to stdout.
* ``-f``, ``--prefix``: Prefix to give variables. Default is ``Build``.
* ``-b``, ``--branch``: Name to give the branch variable. Default is ``Branch``.
* ``-r``, ``--revision``: Name to give the revision variable. Default is
  ``Revision``.
* ``-u``, ``--user``: Name to give the user variable. Default is ``User``.
* ``-d``, ``--date``: Name to give the date variable. Default is ``Date``.
